hi I'm Karl with app comm and this is
Samsung's brand-new UN 55f 8000 TV it's
their newest top-of-the-line model
that's out it's got a really thin bezel
around it they've kept it all very
minimal as you can see here the pedestal
only sticks out a very small bit in the
front so they've kept the design really
really minimalist and it really really
looks nice they did away with having the
camera built into the top so you see it
all the time now all you have to do is
press a button and the camera pops up
just like that you can use that for for
skyping if you want a video chat with
other people I thought that was a really
nice addition because it really makes it
look a lot cleaner than last year's
version other features to it comes with
this smart remote which again very
minimalist you only have few buttons on
here to turn the TV on and off a channel
up and down volume up and down you have
your Smart Hub button which is going to
bring you kind of to the brain of the TV
and you that's where you can check out
all your different applications and
things you've downloaded you can also
access the the internet from here so you
have a full web browser it's really
really some great features on the TV
here it has Samsung's micro dimming
ultimate which will dim specific parts
of the screen to correspond with the
picture that's on display so you don't
get really bright spots or any really
dark spots it's just a nice even picture
it also has a clear motion rate of 1200
which is brand-new for this TV for
Samsung's line in general so everything
moves really smoothly on the screen if
you're watching sports if you're
watching action movies anything that has
fast motion on it just looks really
really nice it also has a quad-core
processor so when you're surfing the web
using applications anything really that
has to do with the computer aspect of
the TV is gonna look really sharp and
move really really nicely now as far as
inputs go on this TV it really has
plenty of them you have four HDMI inputs
there's three USB ease you've got
component video inputs you've got RCA
video inputs so you can really plug in
anything you want to the TV they've made
it really nice in the design where all
the inputs go is actually really smooth
too they've really done a nice job with
this TV there's a little magnetic panel
on the back that that everything hides
underneath and it's it looks really nice
so another cool feature about this TV is
it has something called smart evolution
and what that allows you to do is keep
the TV up-to-date it's an actual piece
of hardware that you can plug into the
back of the set and it'll increase the
speed of the TV the performance it
allows for different applications so it
really it's it's a nice feature your
TV's not going to be out of date as soon
as you open the box I just I thought
that was very intuitive on there
Samsung's part so if you have any
questions feel free to check us out at
app comm and like comment and subscribe
to us on YouTube